Energy bodies of earthlings. Chakras and energy centers

Each intelligent Spirit, incarnating in a body of one or another density and one or another type of intelligent beings, creates an aura (energy bodies) in it and around it, consisting of several layers, fields or bodies. In their turn, projections of energies of various vibrations are formed in them, which are called energy centers or chakras.

The number of fields in the aura and the number of chakras, as well as their structure, are strictly individual for each type of humanoids and plasmoids. Earthlings are characterized by a seven-frequency model of the aura, which fully reflects the activity of the intelligent Spirit on planets with a seven-stream astral atmosphere, to which the Earth belongs.

The spirit, incarnating into an earthling, creates seven bodies and seven chakras reflecting the energy of these bodies in the projection of the dense material body. This happens during the first nine earthly years of the complete union of the Spirit with the earthly body.

The fully formed aura of an earthly person has seven fields or bodies and seven chakras, reflecting their projection in the physical body.

Here are the names of these bodies and chakras and their characteristics:

The aura of the physical body, containing the vibrational frequencies of instinctive programs and partially vital energy, is manifested through the first energy center, which is located in the projection of the coccyx of the physical body. The normal frequency of the first energy center is 280 hertz.

The life force of the embodied spirit and partly the vibrational frequencies of its emotions and desires create the etheric body of a person, which is manifested through a second energy center located five centimeters below the point to which the umbilical cord was attached during prenatal development. The frequency of the second energy center is 400 hertz.

The emotional and partially volitional energy of the embodied spirit creates the astral body of a person, which is projected through the third energy center located between the place of attachment of the umbilical cord and the lower part of the sternum. The frequency of the third energy center is 420 hertz.

The main part of the volitional energy of the embodied spirit and the vibrational frequencies of its feelings and conscious thoughts create the mental body of a person, which is projected through the fourth energy center located at the level of the thymus gland. The frequency of the fourth energy center is 530 hertz.

The vibrational frequencies of the conscious and repressed memory of the incarnated spirit and partly the energy of his consciousness create the causal body of a person, which is projected through the fifth energy center located at the level of the thyroid gland. The frequency of the fifth energy center is 640 hertz.

The vibrational frequencies of thinking and intuition of the embodied spirit, as well as most of the energy of his consciousness and self-consciousness, form the buddhic body of a person, which is projected through the sixth energy center located in the area above the bridge of the nose of the physical body. The frequency of the sixth energy center is 740 hertz.

The vibrational frequencies of the imagination of the embodied spirit and the energy of the Light of its Higher Self, its non-embodied part, going through the channel of communication with the spiritual world, form the atmic body of a person, which is projected through the seventh energy center located in the crown of the head of the physical body. The frequency of the seventh energy center is 850 hertz.

All the given frequencies of the chakras are average for a male earthling, aged 30-35 years, without serious pathologies of the physical body and in a harmonious and bright state of the Spirit, in a clear consciousness, within the boundaries of the physical body.

In earthly women, chakra frequencies are on average 15-20% higher than in men, which gives them increased emotional and intuitive sensitivity compared to men.

In children, the frequencies of chakras are higher than in adults by an average of 30-40%, and before reaching the age of nine, their chakras are only being formed along with their energy bodies, which is accompanied by a large spread in the values of their frequency ranges and a tendency to their sudden and strong changes.

The information was transmitted by Thius-Riongi, a specialist in the energy interactions of anthropomorphic humanoids with the environment, a biophysicist and psychophysiologist, the city of Shambo (Shambala - Shambo a city on Esler, Bola - who came from / from), the planet Esler, the constellation Bootes.

April 2020
