Ways to increase the internal vibrations of a person

Every object in the Universe, whether material or not, constantly radiates its energy, which has one or another frequency of vibrations - vibrations of energy waves in space. Man, as a spirit, connected to the body with the help of vital force, radiates into space a set of vibrations of the organs of the physical body and all the spiritual structures that are embodied in it.

This set is very changeable and is influenced by many factors, and on it, in turn, depends on the well-being, mood, perception, and ultimately the health of a person, both spiritual and physical, which is its reflection.

The normal total frequency of the physical body of an earthling averages from 60 to 80 megahertz, and the frequency of the upper body, especially the head, is higher than the lower one by an average of 20-25 megahertz.

The normal frequencies of spiritual structures are hundreds and thousands of times higher, but ideally they should be directly proportional to each other and the physical body, and their imbalance leads to a variety of mental, emotional and physical disorders.

The lower the vibration of the physical body, the weaker the immune system works and the more difficult it is for the spirit to control its animal instincts. But difficult does not mean impossible. For many spirits incarnated in humans, the experience of converting low vibrations into high ones is useful, and for this your body is a very perfect instrument.

Much worse and more dangerous is the lowering of the vibrations of the spirit, which comes from frequent negative emotions, negative feelings and thoughts that contradict the flow of Love of our Father and the Creator of everything. This leads to the formation of low-vibration thought forms charged with evil, attracts dark plasmoids and non-embodied spirits, which you call demons.

Low vibrations of the spirit reduce the vibrations of the body in which it is embodied and with which it is constantly connected until its death. The consequences of all this are physical and mental illnesses, both in the person himself and in his children, whose energy is one with their parents up to 14 years old.

High vibrations of the spirit are able to raise the vibrations of the body and protect it from the vibrations of any food, which Jesus well said when he lived on Earth. Remember that by absorbing only high-vibration food, reading mantras and prayers, meditating and listening to special music to increase vibrations, but being in irritation, condemnation, envy and other negative psycho-energetic states, you only temporarily increase the vibrations of your body and spirit, but the negative thought forms will not only lower them again, but will also cause an imbalance in your entire energy system, which will lead to the consequences described above.

Whatever you eat and whatever you drink: animal food or vegetable food, raw or boiled, tasty or not very tasty - if you believe that the food you eat will be good for you, if you thank the One Who allowed you to earn and eat it, if share it with all your heart with those who are hungry, then any food will greatly increase the level of your vibrations and will contribute to your spiritual development, and through you the energy of Divine Love will manifest itself to the entire material world, which will become a source of endless happiness.

And if you do not work to destroy your own negative qualities, then no food, mantras, meditations and other tools for artificially raising vibrations will help you enter into conscious contact with God in your soul and become independent of the management system aimed at making a profit for account of your health and spiritual development.

The best exercises to increase vibrations are laughter and joy, acceptance of everything that happens in life as a Divine gift, faith, gratitude and good deeds for everyone who is nearby, done selflessly in a pure and joyful state of consciousness.

Let's use all the types of matter given to us for development in Love and gratitude to the One Who created it. This is the only way to fulfill the true goal of the incarnations of all spirits - to become indistinguishable from God in terms of internal vibrations, thoughts, feelings and capabilities.

MidGasKaus, biologist, psychologist, specialist in alien life forms, the city of Shambo (Shambhala - Shambo city on Esler, Bola - who came from / from), the planet Esler, the constellation Bootes.

November, 2019
