Mind Spirit Structure

There are many religious and political systems on your planet that describe the spiritual world and the spiritual structure of man in different ways. Differences in languages and world outlook of your religious teachers have done their job: if you compare your religions by external signs, they will contradict each other and create new and smaller religious movements, heresies and sects within the religions themselves.

This leads to divisions in society, instead of unity in the Light of true Love, which was desired and desired by all the spiritual Teachers of your civilization, regardless of whether they are in the body and or are in the Spiritual World.

We decided to give you our understanding of the world order: the systems of the spiritual world and the structure of the internal structures of the Rational Spirit.

Spirit is an immortal rational entity, born of the Creator God, different from matter of any type in the same degree as light is different from metal. He is heterogeneous.

Its structure consists of three elements that allow it to think, feel and act: mind, energy and essence, or in other terminology - a spiritual heart that has nothing to do with a physical organ.

Each of these elements, in turn, also consists of three structures.


The structure of the born, immortal, intelligent spirit
Reasonable, immortal, embodied Spirit has the following constituent structures:

1. SPIRITUAL HEART (ESSENCE)

Feeling is the structure of the spiritual heart (essence), which allows the Spirit to relate to various personalities, phenomena and to itself, expressed in a wordless form.

Instinct is a structure of the spiritual heart (essence) that allows the Spirit to understand and execute the genetic programs of the body aimed at survival, reproduction, leadership, connection to communities and pleasure.

Desire is the structure of the spiritual heart (essence), which allows the Spirit to have and understand its own needs.

2. MIND

Thinking is the ability of the mind to process information and make decisions.

Imagination is the ability of the mind to create new images and logical constructs.

Memory is the ability of the mind to store and reproduce information perceived or created by the imagination.

3. ENERGY

Consciousness is the energy of the Spirit for the perception of the surrounding world and the feeling of the existence of oneself.

Will is the energy of the Spirit to change the surrounding world or oneself.

Emotion is the energy of the Spirit for reaction to external and internal changes.

Souls that incarnate in animals, insects and other smaller types of material bodies were created by Reasonable Spirits (plasmoid civilizations that do not have a physical (solid) body, but have a much more complex energy body than that of earthlings), responsible for various natural elements and places in the material universe.

The animal soul, unlike the Reasonable Spirit, is not immortal, not born by God, does not have such a developed thinking, imagination and self-awareness in its structure, the will of which is more subject to instincts than the desire for self-knowledge.

The spirit united with the life force is called the intelligent soul. It has fundamental differences from the animal soul and cannot incarnate in animal bodies, just as the animal soul is not capable by its nature to unite with the body intended for the embodiment of the Rational Spirit.

Setni-Orper, a specialist in the study of the interactions of the material and spiritual worlds, biophysicist and psychoenergetic, the city of Shambo (Shambhala - Shambo city on Esler, Bola - who came from), the planet Esler, the constellation Bootes.

October, 2019
