What is the Higher Self

Each spirit born by God can be in one of two possible states: manifested in the material world in a body of one density or another, or unmanifested, eternal, unchanging being, which occurs in the spiritual world, which does not know the concepts of "time" and "space", dwelling in the eternal "Here" and "Now".

When incarnated in a body of any density, the spirit, due to the difference in vibrations between itself and matter, never fully connects with the body, always leaving in the spiritual world its highest vibrational manifestation, its particle of that eternal, infinite and loving Light, which is a drop a single ocean of Divine energy, cannot be embodied in matter, continuously generating and supporting its existence.

This spark of all-burning fire, a ray of infinite Divine Light, the energy of Love, Truth and Life on Earth is called the Higher Self.

There are dozens of terms and concepts denoting the same phenomenon in different languages and in different belief systems, and of course this fate did not bypass the Source of all concepts and objects in the Universe.

The Higher Self in various earthly systems of knowledge is called Superconsciousness, Super-I, Super-Ego, Cosmic Consciousness, Atman, Purusha, the Image of God, Logos, Holy Spirit, Buddha and many other terms. Contact with him occurs very similarly for all embodied spirits, wherever they live and whatever they believe in.

The usual feeling that captures the attention of the spirit is joy and inspiration, sometimes reaching the degree of ecstatic delight, combined with a feeling of inner Light, peace and boundless, absolute Love for the whole world and for all beings. Very often there is a feeling of merging with the Light, with the cosmos, with nature, dissolving in them, but without losing a sense of the existence of oneself as a person.

On the contrary, in this state the spirit becomes more conscious than ever, it feels itself not only as itself, but also as that infinite and eternal Light that gave birth to it and put into it a small particle of Itself, which, nevertheless, infinitely surpasses the whole world in its grandeur. the universe. This state is the ideal of all religious and philosophical systems of all humanoid and plasmoid worlds known to us.

Conscious resistance to the manifestation of the Upper Light in oneself often leads spirits to degradation to the level of demons, who, locking God in the depths of their being with bolts of hatred, pride and lust, create for themselves a false light, which is darkness for the true one, as it is darkness and misfortune for a star. an object that you call a "black hole".

The radiance of the visible stars is only a reflection of the Light of the face of the One Who created them. Keep this in mind as you look up into the sky.

Each spirit is able to communicate with an unembodied part of itself, with that Light of Love that always resides in the spiritual world, each is able and called to establish the power of God, the Kingdom of Heaven in his Heart, in order to spread it to everything and everyone with whom he enters into communication and what it touches.

To contact the Higher Self, you only need a conscious desire and entry into the state of primordial peace, which occurs in children who are not burdened with worries in the material world, who perceive everything around them without the prism of negative emotions and preconceived opinions, but look around purely, clearly and openly with the eyes of love and acceptance. everything that happens, for absolute truth. This state allows you to raise your vibrations to those in which the Higher Self resides, which will allow you to begin to see and hear him and understand his answers.

Many people in your world need help to start communicating with their Higher Self, but only at the initial stage. When you learn from your own experience the infinite Wisdom, Beauty and Love of God, you will more and more often strive to be with Him and in Him, which will be a source of unlimited happiness in the Light of Love of our common Heavenly Father and the Creator of everything that exists.

The information was transmitted by Pras-Hiontu, a culturologist, psychologist and religious scholar, the city of Shambo (Shambhala - Shambo city on Esler, Bola - who came from / from), the planet Esler, the constellation Bootes.
2020
