Autodiagnosis - Espanol
Autodiagnosis Perfomance - Espanol (Cancer, Autism, Speed, Infertility, Understanding Overweight, etc.) (Structure of the Spirit, Structure of the Universe, Basic Information about Interstellar Union and the Galactic Federation of Light).
Leyes del Karma - Espanol
Los campo egregorico - Espanol
Quit Smoking - RUS - https://www.udemy.com/course/stop-smoking/?referralCode=609270B2D3571444584C
Let's quit smoking - Espanol
Quit Smoking - English
Quit Smoking - FRA
Quit drinking - Espanol
Quit Drinking - English - Russian subtitle
Weight Loss - Espanol
Weight loss - English - Russian subtitle
Self-confidence - Espanol
Self-confidence - English - Russian subtitle
Removing the fear of public speaking - Espanol
Removing the fear of public speaking - English - Russian subtitle
Getting to know your higher self - Espanol
Getting to know the higher self - English - Russian subtitle
Journey to the past life - Espanol
Journey to the past life - English - Russian subtitle
Encounter with the Creator - Espanol
Encounter with the Creator - English - Russian subtitle
Autodiagnosis - English - Russian subtitle
Leyes del Karma - English - Russian subtitle
Los campo egregorico - English - Russian subtitle
Actores del cine - Espanol
Actores del cine - English - Russian subtitle
Hypnosis - Espanol
Hypnosis y - English - Russian subtitle
Exorcism - Espanol
Exorcism - English - Russian subtitle
Speed Reading - Espanol
Speed Reading - English - Russian subtitle
Speed Reading - Espanol
Speed Reading - English - Russian subtitle
Ultra Reading - Espanol
Ultra Reading - English - Russian subtitle
100 Days for Self-Control and Self-Management in Life - Espanol
100 Days for self-control and self-management in life - English - Russian subtitle
Perfomance Yoga Course - Espanol
Perfomance Yoga Course - English - Russian subtitle
Yoga course practice "take back 1 day" - Espanol
Yoga Course Yoga Practice "Give back 1 day" - English - Russian subtitle
Breathing. Control of internal flows in the human energy body with the purpose of healing the body and self-knowledge of the spiritual essence of God the Creator. - Espanol
Breathing. Management of internal flows in the human energy body for the purpose of healing the body and self-discovery of the spiritual essence of God the Creator. - English - Russian subtitle
A course on how to raise a talented child.  - Espanol
A course on how to raise a talented child. - English - Russian subtitle
Metaphysics of Business. A course on how to become mega successful. - Espanol
Metaphysics of Business. A course on how to become mega successful. - English - Russian subtitle
Controlled Regeneration and Self-Resurrection - Espanol
Controlled regeneration and self-resurrection - English - Russian subtitle
