Increasing vibration, cleansing the Planet, accumulating energy.

We close our eyes, relax, focus on the center of the chest (the center between the larynx and solar plexus).
We listen to the heart beating.
The heart sends energy to the body and all chakras in the energy body.

We breathe - we visualize.
We breathe in, visualize how a column of white Light enters through the crown of the head.
Exhale, visualize a ball of white Light growing in the center of the chest.
We try to breathe in the rhythm of how the Heart beats. The best practice is to inhale for 3 beats, exhale for the next 3 beats.

Concentrate on the ball of white Light in the center of the chest.
Repeat mentally (setting 1)
- I am the Light of creating
- I am the Light of the creative 
- I am a loving Light
- I am the Light of the absolute Energy of Divine Love

We visualize the planet Earth in as much detail as possible. Reduce it to the size of a soccer ball. We support it from below with our hands.
Exhaling from the ball in the center of the chest, direct white Light through the centers of the palms to the planet.
Repeat mentally (setting 2)
- I send the Light of my Love to all people of the Earth, to all plasmoid civilizations of the Earth
- I fill the lithosphere, hydrosphere, atmosphere, biosphere, noosphere with the Light of Love and Healing. 
  All spheres of the Earth become spheres of the Divine Mind.
- I ask our Heavenly Father to cleanse all the shells of the Earth from all energies incompatible with the Light of his Eternal Love.

All this time we continue to fill the Earth with Light. Concentrate on this sensation for a few seconds.

Thank your Higher Self for help in harmonizing the energy of the Earth (installation 3).
- I thank my Higher Self for help in harmonizing the energy of the Earth.

Now feel the reverse flow. The earth feels it. Plasmoid civilizations are felt. All living things, and people feel it too. 
And the inhabitants of those shells that we have listed also feel.
The reverse flow is "golden specks" that soar up and with INHALATION penetrate into the white ball, nourishing the whole body. 
Motes of gold float, leaving a tail like a comet's tail.
Breathe in this return flow. Breathe in with the intention of receiving energy (Attitude 4).
- I thank and accept. I love and bless. I promise to direct this energy to the growth of unconditional Love for all that exists.

Now count from five to one.
As there will be one, we return to a state of full awareness and feel our body.
Open your eyes.

Be happy!


The practice of compacting the energy of the Earth for materialization.
We do the practice of increasing vibration in the evening, in the morning, in the afternoon (around noon) and again in the evening.
Before going to bed, we do our usual practices.

Just before the moment of falling asleep (catch this moment concentrating on your breathing) visualize 3 intentions by speaking them in your mind.

After practice, go to sleep with a smile. Just forget about your visualization. Let her go. Let it happen. 
The most enjoyable thing in life is the joy of watching your dreams come true.

EXAMPLE

Intention 1
We say mentally - I have my own apartment.
Visualize how you enter a beautiful white apartment and feel joy and happiness, 
knowing for sure that this is your apartment.

Intention 2
We say mentally - I have my own car.
You visualize how you get into your car, a beautiful, bright, new car, it smells nice inside, 
you are happy and happy because you know for sure that this is your car.

Intention 3
We say mentally - I have 1 million dollars.
Visualize that you are looking at your account statement and it says there
1,000,000 dollars you are happy and happy because you know for sure that this is your money.



NOTE
Rendering more than 3 installations does not make sense. Installations should be simple and straightforward. Attitudes should be fun. 
